>> LILOU: Hello, my
juicy co-creators.
Lilou here.
I'm in beautiful,
sunny, delicious,
amazing-- it feels so good
to be in Montpellier in south
of France.
I'm with you, Hira.
Hello.
>> HIRA HOSEN: Hi.
>> LILOU: So this is quite
special because you live
in France.
You have this beautiful
family, yet you're this zen nun
and it's quite different.
And you're one of the
certified teachers
of Drunvalo's
beautiful workshop,
Awakening the Illuminated Heart.
So I'm excited to
speak of the heart.
Of course, this is a
huge topic right now.
People are awakening to
the beauty of their heart
and to the dreams and
to this magnificent life
that we can all have.
We want it.
We want to live it.
So I'm excited to
discover before going
into the technique and all
the more practical things.
Because you know
people on Gaiam,
we're just all thirsty in the
community for more information,
aren't we?
So this is like bubbling up.
So thank you.
You're Dutch
originally, aren't you?
>> HIRA: True, yes.
I'm Dutch and I'm living
in France since nine years.
So yes.
>>LILOU: You have a
beautiful little baby girl,
and you're this zen nun.
I mean, how does this
work all together?
>> HIRA: True.
It's kind of new.
It's like a modern zen nun.
I'm married to a Zen master.
So that's special.
And we're living
in a Zen temple.
And our daughter
is six years old,
so she lives in
the middle of that.
She goes to school.
We live a normal life,
but we are spiritual.
We are meditating every day.
>> LILOU: How many hours?
>> HIRA: Just one
and a half hours.
You do sitting 40
minutes without moving.
And then you do a walking
meditation for 10 minutes.
And then you do sitting
again, for 40 minutes around.
Yeah.
You do this every day.
And I'm doing this
since 14 years.
So then you can really
feel what it's doing.
If you do it one time
a week, it's strong.
But if you do it every day since
14 years, you feel what it is.
So that's basically, like,
zen is not a religion,
or not even a philosophy.
It's a practice.
You practice this
type of meditation,
which is a simple one.
You don't think.
You don't move.
You are.
You are awake while
you are meditating.
And it's amazing.
>> LILOU: So you don't
live-- this temple is not
in Monpellier.
Where are you?
You're in the middle of
the-- because here, we're
in the center, actually.
We're in the city center of
Montepllier in the Jardin des
Plantes, and it's one of
your favorites place here.
It's so amazing.
If you come to Montpellier,
you have to stop in this place.
It's so juicy.
>> HIRA: True.
Yeah, it's amazing.
This is like a 1,000
year old garden.
So the earth is
really respected here.
It's really beautiful.
And yeah, no, I live like
two hours away from here
in the mountains.
So it's in the middle
of nowhere, really.
It's in the mountains.
It's perfect.
>> LILOU: So what
got you to be a nun?
Tell us about your journey,
too, so that then we
can talk of the teachings
and how you're living now,
and what actually you want
to experience more and more.
Because, I guess, you're
are on the journey, too.
We're all in this
journey, aren't we?
>> HIRA: Exactly.
Yes.
Yes, I have been
searching a lot.
I think the beginning
of my spiritual journey
you could say it's about 20
years ago when I went to India.
With, of course, the
mission to find--
>> LILOU: What were you, five?
>> HIRA: --to find myself.
No, I'm 40.
Yeah.
>> LILOU: So living in the
heart keeps you young and--
>> HIRA: And beautiful
if you're happy.
Yeah.
Yeah, so it all
started there in India.
And that's where I
received my name, Hira.
And of course, I didn't
really understand.
I received already a
lot of tools-- a lot
of instruments-- meditation,
living in the heart.
But you don't call
it like that yet.
Shamanism, all types
of tools that you learn
And then more and more, I
started to develop them.
And also really
choose in my life
to say OK, because I'm
also actually an engineer.
It's industrial engineer
of management science.
So I have a Master of Science.
And at a certain point,
you have to say OK,
do I go into industrial
life as being an engineer,
or do I go for what I really
came for to do on this planet?
You know, my mission.
So you have to choose.
But the more that you do
it, the more signs or things
of synchronicities
that are happening
and that you know that
you're doing the right thing.
So yeah, it's been quite a road.
And now I know since let's
say five years around,
that I'm really doing what
I came to do on this planet.
Really.
>> LILOU: So teaching.
Sharing.
Teaching people how
to reopen their heart.
Is it what it is?
>> HIRA: Exactly.
>> LILOU: Or living
in the heart, really.
>> HIRA: Exactly.
Yeah.
It's both.
Because sometimes people
come to do our worships,
and they expect to go out
after four days and say OK,
I'm a Buddha now, or I'm a
Jesus now, and I can do this.
Of course, you have the tools.
You will have found the tools.
But it still depends on
your level emotionally,
mentally, spiritually,
physically.
How do you live?
What are your disciplines?
What are your habits?
How do you think?
What do you feel?
And of course, if you have
the tools and you say OK,
I'm taking this serious.
I'm going for a week
into this desert.
I don't do nothing.
I just focus on what
I've just learned
and I'm going into the heart.
Of course, you'll get
there way faster than
if you go back into
whatever your job is.
You forget what
you've just learned.
You put the tool away.
And you forget about it.
So it depends on how
much you put into it.
But there's of
course also people
that are so opening up
that they have no choice.
They are like I can't
go back to my job.
I'm like, I'm so happy.
I'm just-- I can't-- I
need to do something else.
So it's two ways.
It pushes you and it pulls you.
But also you have to, of
course, make some effort.
It's not an automatic plug.
It is.
But you know, it needs
a little bit of work.
>> LILOU: We hear you.
There's a whole-- I love the
spin that you have on things.
Like really living, building
inside, spending some more time
inside rather than outside.
Tell us more about that.
>> HIRA: Yeah, that's the key.
That's the key.
Because we always-- it's normal.
We came to this world, a
3D dimensioned reality,
where we believe that we need
to fix things on the outside.
So there's something
wrong on the outside,
so we're like I
need to fix this.
I need to do something.
I need to think something,
do something, whatever.
I need to change it.
We never really learn
unless we're a child,
we can still understand.
But we never really learned that
somebody says stop everything.
Close your eyes.
Going inside of your
heart and fix it
from there, from
your inside world.
Fix it from your heart.
Fix it in that way, you know.
And the more that you
tune into that, the more
that you feel your heart
and what it's telling you--
because your heart speaks to
you all the time, all the time.
It dreams.
Your heart dreams all the time.
So the more that
you tune into that,
the images or the feelings
or the thoughts or the
whatever you want to call it,
the more you tune into that,
the more you will
change reality.
But from the inside out
and not from the outside.
>> LILOU: So it's the
power of imagination, too,
or is it the heart that
really sends out images?
And how do you-- how
does that work out?
How do you work this out?
>> HIRA: Yeah, that's
a good question.
It all kind of starts
with imagination.
So imagine somebody that
never have done this.
Never meditated, never
went into the heart,
and says OK, teach me.
Then yes, we'll start with
a sort of an imagination.
Because you need to
kind of tune into this,
because it's a
very subtle world.
It's not as tangible
as this world.
So if you're expecting to
see something as bright
as this tree or this building,
then you'll get confused.
But if you know that it's like
a dream kind of type of thing,
more subtle, then you
can call it imagination.
But it's not.
It's very real.
It's actually that world that
we're speaking about now,
of the heart.
It's more real than this one.
Like everything that exists here
in 3D came from that source,
came from that world.
So we're like, for
example, we say,
oh, I've just been
dreaming this last night.
We don't give any reality.
We don't say it's true
because it's just a dream,
and all this is reality
because I can touch it.
But it's just the
other way around.
It's completely the
Like everything we can touch
and everything we can see,
it's all coming from
this subtle, you know,
imagery type of world.
And if you don't see-- because
a lot of people see stuff--
I'm not such seer, so
I'm always jealous.
I'm like oh, they're seeing
auras and things and seers.
But you don't need to be a seer.
You can feel things,
or you can know things.
That's even more strong.
Like you just know it.
You're not seeing anything.
You're not sensing anything.
You're like feeling a
bit like oh, I'm blind.
I'm not-- but you know.
You know.
So there's many different
ways of communicating
with your heart,
let's say, or letting
your heart communicate to you.
And then, it just
starts flowing really.
It's very strong.
>> LILOU: Is there a process
to it, or how do you--
why do we say it's awakening
the illuminated heart?
Why illuminated?
>> HIRA: Yeah.
In the beginning, it was just
called Living in the Heart.
So we didn't call
it illuminated.
We didn't call it
even awakening.
We called it living
in the heart.
Then, actually, it was--
>> LILOU: You can hear the big
motor bikes and there's a big
road not far, so sorry for a
little bit of background noise.
But this is part of life, right?
I mean, we're in Montpellier.
Guys are a little bit crazy.
This is summertime.
>> HIRA: True.
>> LILOU: They're living
maybe in their heart.
We don't know which
place they live from.
But they're having some fun.
>> HIRA: True.
So in the beginning, we
called it Living in the Heart,
but then it was a
copyrighted, so we couldn't
call it Living in
the Heart anymore.
And then I was part of
the very first teacher
training with Drunvalo.
And so we said, OK.
So we have to have a new name.
So he asked 100 people and said
let's come up with a new name.
And then this was the result.
From these 100 people.
We all gave our
suggestions, and it
became Awakening the
Illuminated Heart.
But basically, what it really
is is it is an awakening.
It is a heart awakening.
But basically, what it is
it's living from the heart.
It's really-- you can
say there is a method--
>> LILOU: We have a
little cat behind us.
>> HIRA: Oh, nice.
>> LILOU: He's visiting.
>> HIRA: Yay!
>> LILOU: I don't know if
you're going to see it.
I think he wants to say hello.
He wants to live
in the heart, too.
They live the heart, don't they?
He's intrigued by your hat?
>> HIRA: That's exactly
where I want to go to.
It's like imagine that
you are painting something
or you're dancing.
You're listening to
music and you're dancing.
You are in your
heart at that moment.
You're completely in your heart.
When you are inspired,
when you are creative,
when you're channeling this love
that you have for the world,
you're in your heart.
The thing what we
learn in this workshop
is to also do it when somebody's
screaming at you, when
the neighbors are
criticizing you,
when people are
really hard on you.
That's when it's
important to really learn,
OK, I can deal with
this from my heart.
I don't need to scream back.
I don't need to get upset.
I can deal with this.
So yes, we all have
spontaneous moments.
We are all the
time in our hearts.
But we just lose
ourselves, and that's
why it's nice to have kind of a
method to learn how to do this.
>> LILOU: I guess there's
different levels, right?
There's the day to day,
but there's all the way
to the ascension, et cetera.
So we can go a little
bit later on to that.
But the practical
aspect, day to day,
our heart has a tendency
to close and to shut down.
The main thing is to
keep the heart open.
>> HIRA: Exactly
>> LILOU: It's like boom.
Or we feel it, and then
there's something happens.
So how do we-- how
does that work?
>> HIRA: Yeah, it's a practice.
It's a practice.
I mean, some people think they
come and do a workshop with me
and they think, oh, she says
a living in the heart teacher
so she's probably like
a Buddha all the time.
I'm not.
I mean I have moments
where my ego takes over.
I'm not talking about the
ego in a negative sense.
A lot of teachers or
spiritual lineages
have been talking
negative about the ego.
I'm not.
I'm saying kind of respect
your ego, you know.
But just don't let it run you.
Don't let it control you.
But I also have moments
where my ego controls me,
where I'm a control freak or
I'm needy or I'm arrogant.
Whatever, you know.
So it's a practice.
It's like in the beginning,
I could recognize it,
but I would stay in that
ego for let's say hours.
And now I can recognize it
really fast, and I can say wow.
You know what?
That wasn't from my heart.
And I can take it back.
I go inside of my heart and
I totally, in the moment,
change the reality of the
a situation that I'm in.
I can do it faster now.
So it's kind of a practice.
Are you going to
recognize it, or are you
just going to go
on automatic pilot
on your ego for the whole day?
Or are you going
to say oh, wait.
>> LILOU: Most of us use
gratitude to reopen the heart
and try to just stop and
at least be conscious
of the situation in gratitude.
What are some of
the tools for you?
>> HIRA: You're right.
Gratitude, compassion.
Compassion is a really good one.
If somebody, I don't know,
starts screaming on you
instead of thinking, well,
what's this person doing?
You can feel that maybe
this person really
doesn't have the
tools that you have.
So that straight away
creates compassion.
Yeah, like--
>> LILOU: Stopping everything.
>> HIRA: Yeah,
stopping everything.
I love that one.
Just stop everything.
Like that's what you learn when
you do a lot of meditation.
That's also kind one of
the keys of this workshop,
is that you learn to live
in unity consciousness.
So instead of looking
at a situation saying
this is bad, this is good,
staying in this duality;
you pull yourself
out of it, and you
say what's the
unity consciousness
way of looking at this?
And as soon as you plug
into that, whatever
is your way as you
say-- compassion,
gratitude-- just stop
everything basically.
And don't pull or
don't you push.
Just look at it,
observe it simply
as it is, then if you do that
like a few seconds already
you are in unity consciousness.
You're there.
If you can prolong
that, if you can
keep that going more than
an hour, you're in bliss.
You're in complete bliss.
If you can do that for
two hours, three hours,
you can do that the whole day.
You are there.
>> LILOU: What is your
spin on enlightenment?
>> HIRA: My spin on
enlightenment is a very
interesting question.
Because it's not so easy.
But I would say that
ascension and enlightenment,
they kind of like
come together for me.
Like there's different
ways, many different ways,
to get enlightened or
awake or to ascend.
Many different ways.
And so at a certain point,
they become one for me.
If you really start ascending,
what is ascension is basically
it's that your vibration
of your signature--
let's say your vibrational
signature of who you are--
is getting higher and
higher and higher.
Your energy level gets
vibrating higher and higher.
So the more that you
ascend, the more kind
of light or love
or higher vibration
that you're pulling in.
So the more that you do
that, of course, the more
that you are awake.
So for me, it's all--
at a certain point,
it all becomes one.
It's all the same.
>> LILOU: All the rest is
terms and vocabulary and words.
>> HIRA: True.
And different ways that
are all respectable.
Some people work harder
with different methods.
But some people just like
there's this beautiful story
that I love of the Buddha.
At a certain point, he takes
a flower and he turns it,
and the person that
looks at it and smiles
will be the one who
is his successor.
It's a very simple
story, but it shows
that it can be very simple
but at the same time
we have all different
ways of getting there.
There's no one way.
There's millions of
ways to get there.
>> LILOU: So the main thing,
whatever way we take is to take
those decisions and make those
steps and move forward from
the heart?
>> HIRA: Exactly.
>> LILOU: From the fear.
>> HIRA: It's to
find your own way.
Everybody's unique.
We're all ascending,
too, in a unique level.
And we're all needed.
So the more that
you feel your way.
Maybe somebody's way will
be to dance every day.
They just put music on.
They dance.
They feel good.
It doesn't need to be a specific
lineage or dharma or whatever.
For me, I needed that.
I needed literally, like
in the Zen meditation
you sit and you have like
it's like a wooden stick
and you can ask for it and, you
know, they put you straight.
It's kind of a--
in Buddhism, it's
one of the most strict lineages.
Because of course,
from the Buddha
there's millions of different.
And what it teaches you
is just to sit straight.
So me personally, I
needed this discipline
to really get me
disciplined, because I
was all over the place.
I was flying all day long!
I had no discipline,
even though that I'm
an engineer and all that.
I was just like out there.
So I needed somebody to
really like-- not somebody,
but like this teaching
to really become
like centered, really centered.
Take the middle way.
Because I am also very extreme.
I can go that way and then
all the way to the other side.
So I needed that.
OK, that's me.
Somebody else can be a gardener,
work with the earth all day.
That will be his or her way.
Somebody is an artist,
makes paintings or whatever.
It can be anything.
>> LILOU: In
Drunvalo's teachings,
there's a lot of
technical stuff.
How do you-- what do
you feel about that?
Because we're the
next generation.
I just did a conference
yesterday in Avignon.
I mean, I really feel
what you're saying,
and I feel a lot of
us have this message.
What is the portion for you
on the technical aspect?
Because it seems like,
on a certain level,
it's so simple and so easy and
accessible at the same time.
But part of the old teachers
have more different steps
and techniques and
where you with that?
>> HIRA: I'm, like, I'm a
good combination of them both.
As I said, I'm kind of a-- I
can combine a lot of extremes.
So I'm one of those totally
free, hippie type of girls.
You should have seen me
20 years ago in India.
Like really hippie, you know,
shamanism, drums, anything
you can imagine.
And at the same time,
I think techniques
are good because it's not
only just arriving to us.
It is.
You can just tune
into it and be.
But most people need something.
They need a technique or
some-- not stick behind a door,
but something to guide them.
So I say do them.
Do it all.
Do them both.
Do whatever works for you.
So I'm the last person
that say, oh, we
don't need the
techniques anymore.
Just throw them
overboard and we'll just,
you know, sit here
and just be it.
OK, yes.
We can.
But at the same
time, there's so much
to discover that are
in those techniques.
Like the ones of our school
is kriya yoga, kundalini yoga.
It's not that you have
to sit like, you know,
in know these positions, but
when you do it, if you do it--
I'm not doing this
every day, by the way.
I'm not.
But if you would
choose that, it will
be more easy in a certain way.
So I say do the
combination of it all.
Feel that it's easy,
but at the same time
choose your
technique or your way
and just really
practice and do it.
>> LILOU: I'm thinking of the
third eye and the different
chakras and opening
them up and all that.
Is there some
things-- I'm talking
of these techniques of Drunvalo
where you just go there
and you open this up, and
then you get your green light
and then you flashback the heart
and you twist back forward,
and then you're in this
amazing illuminated space.
Yeah.
>> HIRA: Yeah, that's true.
>> LILOU: This is quite unique.
>> HIRA: I understand.
It's a very unique way.
The thing about that
what you're talking about
by opening the third
eye and then you
have these beams of
light that are activated.
And then actually, you
activate your marcaba,
which is a huge field,
electromagnetic field
around you.
And it's true.
It's unique.
But actually, everybody
had and will have this.
It's like a seed that is
within us that will reactivate.
It's just that
because we're just
restarting to remember this,
is we're using techniques.
But maybe, my girl
of six years old
will just take a bath one
day and it was all activated.
She's like what's this
spinning field around me?
Maybe, you know
But I am willing to go through
the whole technique, which
is kind of the middle
way to activate it
that for everyone else,
maybe we'll reach the 100
or whatever needs to be done
for the rest of humanity just
to be like ah, you old people.
You had to go through
all those steps.
And I'm like yeah,
we did actually.
And we did it for you as well.
So, yeah.
All these things about opening
the third eye, what happens
actually is that it really
reconnects your brain
to your heart.
So it's not only
living in the heart,
because the living in
the heart part is easy.
All you do is you move
your consciousness
through your body.
You reach your heart,
and you're there.
That's really, really easy part.
But if you want to
activate your marcaba,
that's a little bit
more complicated.
But at the same time, easy
if you know the steps.
It's that you reconnect
your brain to your heart.
And what's really
funny is what happens
is that your brain
will become female,
and you're heart
will become male.
So you're actually
changing polarity.
It's a really special feeling.
You're like whoa,
what's happening?
Some people get very
sexual out of it,
because it's-- what you're
doing is realigning your body.
And we have all
this inside of us.
It's just we don't know.
We just don't know that
this is inside of us.
So it's just like
going back to school.
It's like, OK, I'll
do this workshop.
In four days, they'll explain to
me how my body actually works.
And then I'll just use it or
not use it, whatever you want.
But you know, it's techniques.
You're right.
It's kind of complicated--
>> LILOU: Let's get into,
it's good to get a little bit
into it.
Especially that thing, I like
the heart switched with the--
>> HIRA: The polarity switch?
Yeah, it's very special.
Yeah.
>> LILOU: Tell us more.
We're here to learn, aren't we?
This is why we're here.
>> HIRA: Yeah.
OK.
So--
>> LILOU: Explaining or why so--
>> HIRA: It's like you have a
special type of organ inside
your mouth, and you
can stimulate it.
And while you're
doing that, you're
actually creating alpha waves.
And alpha waves, it's
connected to your brain.
Like for example, babies.
They're full of alpha waves.
They are like almost
100% alpha waves.
So people are always going to
the babies and they're like,
oh, you cutie.
But actually, they are
trying to get their waves.
They think they're giving
something to the baby,
but they are just like
attracted to their alpha waves.
So what it does is joy.
Like alpha waves, if you're
full of alpha waves, it's joy.
It's bliss.
It's very blissful energy.
So once we get 30, 40, 50, 60
all these waves in our brain
are going to lower down.
When you're 70, you almost
have no alpha waves anymore.
That's why people that
are older are like,
they lose a bit
the joie de vivre.
They lose a bit the joy of life.
So what you can learn
very simply by realizing
that all that is in your body
and that you can reconnect
to it, is that you will
start to create alpha waves.
That's the first step.
Then if you've learned how
to create these alpha waves,
then you can realign all
the rest of your head.
You know, your pineal
gland, your pineal chakra,
your pituitary chakra.
You can realign everything.
And then actually, you can
open up your third eye.
You can reactivate
these beams of light.
You remember that image of
like a Buddha with the halo.
There's always a halo
around the Buddha's head
or Jesus where he has
this kind of-- people
say there's a cross
behind him in that halo,
but it's the beams of light.
It's exactly what you can
learn or remember to activate.
So, yeah.
It's very interesting
>> LILOU: And then can you do
that in everyday situation?
How does that work
practically day-to-day,
or is it something you would
do during the meditation?
>> HIRA: Yeah, in the beginning
you can really feel it
because it's actually activating
a lot of your psychic energy.
So instead of needing
certain messages
going through telephones
or using that type of,
you will be much more psychic.
So telepathic.
You will receive more.
You'll be much more sensitive.
So, in the beginning,
you get this blast.
You are like whoa.
You know, the world
is opening up.
But after a while, you
will just get used to it.
It will be normal.
So in day-to-day life,
yes, it's useful.
At the same time, it
will become normal.
Your normal way of being.
You don't need to--
once you have done this,
you do this for about 14 days.
Once you've done
it, it's stable.
You don't need to redo this
or reactivate them again.
Same with the marcaba.
The marcaba is your
living light body.
So everybody--
>> LILOU: Dunvalo travels in
it, in and out of space inside
the earth.
>> HIRA: Exactly.
He goes to the fourth
dimension, inside of the earth.
He goes everywhere
in his marcaba.
So you will activate
this one time.
Once it's activated,
it becomes normal.
It's your--
>> LILOU: You just
travel? [ZIP SOUND]
>> HIRA: Yeah, you just travel.
I mean--
>> LILOU: Where do you travel?
>> HIRA: I mean, I
didn't do it yet.
I mean, I didn't just disappear.
You know, I have a
daughter to take care of.
>> LILOU: But staying
here but traveling.
Because he travels all the time.
I mean, he--
>> HIRA: Yeah, sure.
Sure.
>> LILOU: Having met
him and interviewed him,
he goes in the earth.
>> HIRA: True, yes.
You can do that.
You travel inside
of your maracaba.
And actually, your
body becomes smaller.
Like you become this
big and you travel.
Yeah, you leave your
body here and you travel.
You can go and visit stuff.
You can even, if
you want proof--
because there's many people
who want proof in my workshops
also.
We do exercises and they're
like I want proof, you know.
And so what you can do is, for
example, you go into a library.
You pick a book.
You pick a page.
You go to it.
You read it.
And then when you're back, you
take your full being, your body
there.
Go to the same library,
same book, same page,
and check it out.
That's the way to check out if
you're doing the right thing
or not.
If you want proof,
you'll have it.
>> LILOU: Pretty
improvised on that one.
>> HIRA: If you want
proof, you'll have it.
Yeah.
>> LILOU: What are some other
components or things in living
this day-to-day
life in the heart?
I mean, what are some other
techniques or things that
are important to mention here?
>> HIRA: Well, it's not
even about the techniques.
Because I love this activation
of the marcaba and I
love that part.
But what I also always
say in these workshops
and to the students
and to myself also
is that the most important
part is to live in the heart.
It's like, the
marcaba's like a bonus,
like this amazing
thing that can happen
and that you will
remember anyway.
But the most important
is to live in your heart.
Because once you
live in your heart
and you do it, really,
on a daily basis,
on a moment-to-moment basis,
reality seriously changes.
I can sometimes feel it, that
when I get angry, for example,
and somebody's screaming
at me and I am about to--
because I'm very fiery type.
Yeah?
So if somebody screams at me,
I can feel the fire coming up.
And I'm like almost about to
respond or react basically.
And I realize, oh, no.
That little switch, that little
switch which brings me back--
>> LILOU: Describe right there.
Describe what happens
from the moment you're
ready to react to
then things change.
>> HIRA: It's kind of-- I
don't know how to describe it.
So, OK.
Let's say you scream at me, and
I feel this fire coming out.
No, I can't do it with you.
>> LILOU: [PRETEND SCREAMING]
>> HIRA: No, I can't
do it with you.
I'm just laughing.
Let's say somebody
else is screaming.
And I'm like getting ready
-- OK, I'm getting ready,
I am getting ready
to scream, let's say.
Something stops me.
It's not even me.
It's my heart.
It is me.
It's love.
And so the love will stop me.
And that moment, just that
little switch is the magic.
Because that little moment of
you can even call it awakening.
It's like an awakening moment.
That moment, you change reality.
Seriously.
Instead of like reacting and
getting angry and recreating
that 3D full of old
habits and negative energy
and low vibrations,
you actually breathe.
You know, like live
from your heart.
Respond to that situation,
and so the whole reality
changes with you.
That person changes.
I have often with
children, for example.
I think they see these beams
of light, a lot of children.
So they are like staring
at me, you know, like this.
And they are like
responding to that energy.
Same goes for everything.
So if you do something
from your heart,
people are recognizing it.
Because everybody knows it.
Everybody knows it, even the
most severely damaged people
in a low vibration.
They know it.
And they will feel it, and
they will respond to it.
They will even
respond so lovingly
that it will
surprise themselves.
They'll like why am I
so nice to this person?
>> LILOU: So you move
your consciousness back
in the heart?
And then you speak from there?
>> HIRA: That's basically, in
the beginning you learn it,
right?
So in the beginning,
you need like a mindful.
So you close your eyes.
You make sure there's no light.
Because the heart sees
with darkness and the eyes
see with light.
So in the beginning, you need
a certain setting, let's say.
And then when you
learn, it's very fast,
you learn to go in
there in a second.
And once you know your
way in, that's it.
And as you say, it's
your consciousness.
So we are all consciousness.
We're all unlimited, true.
But we can also say we
are a center of awareness.
So if you feel your
center of awareness,
you can start to move it.
And then instead of
there's people who are here
or here or here.
So instead of like moving
outside of your body,
you can say, you
know what, I'm going
to move inside of my body.
So then you move
inside your body,
through your throat and
you enter your heart
and there's two spaces
there, the sacred space
and the tiny space.
And so in the beginning,
yeah, it's a whole discovery.
Like there's so many things.
There's the Akashic
records, for example.
The Akashic records
living in sacred space
and the tiny space.
There's so much to
discover because you,
your center of awareness, your
being that you are so long, so
much time, has left
tips for you there.
It could be crystals or
something, or fields of light.
And you've left it
there for yourself.
It's like the original
instructions for life
are in your heart.
So when you return there,
it feels like home.
You're like, ah,
I remember this.
Because it's true,
because you, yourself
have left information
there for you
to re-find when you're
here, to re-find why you're
on this Earth,
what's your mission.
So it's a whole journey.
But as you say, afterwards,
it becomes normal again.
And then, you're
there in a second.
So if I'm out there, and
I'm responding or reacting
on somebody's really angry at
me or just criticizing me--
because I'm really sensitive.
Like the more that
I'm in my heart,
the more sensitive I become.
So sometimes, somebody will look
at me and in just one second,
I will kind of scan.
I will feel and almost hear
what this person says about me.
They will say, oh, this
girl the way-- whatever.
Whatever comes.
So I can sometimes attract
that and feel hurt.
I'm like, oh, why
does this person not
know that I am sweet
and nice and this.
But you can also respond
to it in a different way,
from your heart.
So then, it's much more easy.
You don't need to have
that whole technique.
It's just, I go back there
instantly and I understand.
And I just send
love to this person.
Whatever they are criticizing
me or projecting on me,
I can respond to them with
love and send it to them.
And say you know what,
I hope one day soon
you'll see that I'm nice and
we'll have a nice conversation.
I wish you the same.
I wish you to live in love.
So yeah.
It's a daily thing.
And when I feel that
I'm angry or whatever,
I consciously move my
consciousness back in my heart.
And it's a second thing.
It's like instant.
Like click, OK, I'm back.
>> LILOU: Sometimes it feels
like we need more to descend
than ascend.
Like a lot of people, a
lot of spiritual people,
too, are very high up.
And we need to
take actions, too.
It's like, it's time here
to be there for this planet
and to be there for ourselves
and to live in this heart
and to really be instead
of just floating around.
Like really, I feel we're
called to action now.
Is that right?
>> HIRA: I agree
with you, completely.
It's like the more we
can earth this energy,
the more we can live it in
all the actions that we do.
The more we can lift
this whole planet
and really get it going,
because there's so many
people out there that have
no idea what's going on.
So for sure, the more
that you are ascending,
the more that you are
awakening, the more you're
called to really
grounded as you say.
To really earth it, to
really take actions.
It's not like, oh, it's-- I
don't know the word for it.
In the Dutch, we say zvaverich.
It's like floaty.
No, no.
It's like pure
actions, you know.
>> LILOU: How do you feel
about Holland or France as part
of their awakening, since you
spend some time here also?
>> HIRA: You mean the difference
between Holland and France?
>> LILOU: Yeah, and
around the world.
Like because a lot of places
like I just came Avignon.
And Avignon feels so
inspired and enlightened,
and feel like this
is the place where
the awakening is
going to come from.
And Mexico thinks that.
And France thinks that.
The US thinks that.
We're all very excited.
This is gonna come here.
And this is going to
transform the world.
I mean, how do you feel?
It is really moving in France?
Things are awakening, shifting?
Or in Holland?
>> HIRA: Yes.
Yes, I feel it.
It's international wave.
I can feel it more and more.
People that you
don't expect it from.
They will come and say
wow, I discovered this
or I'm really into that or.
But some places more
than others, of course.
Like as you say, Avignon
maybe more than Paris,
so I don't know.
>> LILOU: Ibiza you
said is so pretty.
Tells a about
Ibiza for a second.
>> HIRA: Yeah, Ibiza's amazing.
It's like the red rocks
like they are in Sedona.
So there's a lot of
magnetism in these rocks.
So if you have an
emotion there, is
like magnified maybe 10 times.
So let's say we do--
>> LILOU: [GASP]
>> HIRA: Exactly.
Let's say we do a healing here
or we do a healing in Ibiza.
For sure in Ibiza, we will get
more into the core of things.
You will let more go.
How you say that?
You will let go more.
>> LILOU: Here's a French
lady with a Dutch lady trying
to figure out this
English thing.
I hope you understand
everything,
my beautiful co-creators.
Everything is coming
from the heart anyway.
It's beyond the words.
Words, words.
>> HIRA: I am lucky.
I give these workshops.
And now I've given them in
nine different countries.
So I go from Israel, which is
a really beautiful country,
to Ibiza to France to Amsterdam.
I've been in Vancouver,
Belgium, Switzerland.
>> LILOU: It's
happening everywhere.
>> HIRA: It's
And so I can feel what
happens in these workshops
in the culture.
Some cultures, you know, I
was in Mexico for two months,
two months ago.
It's a totally different way.
I have to speak differently
to reach them than,
for example, another
culture or another country.
So of course, it's all the same.
It's all love and
it's all light.
So it's all the same.
But different cultures
have different ways
of getting there.
So some places are beaming.
Like this, if you sit here
in the middle of Montpellier
where they have lotus flowers,
you're sitting next to them,
you feel them beaming.
It's beautiful.
So different countries.
I definitely think the
world is really waking up.
It's not that I think.
I feel and I know that
the world is waking up.
Yeah
>> LILOU: Thank you so much
for this delicious interview.
>> HIRA: Thank you so much.
>> LILOU: And last little
something you want to say
or last little sentence
or word of wisdom?
>> HIRA: Oh?
>> LILOU: A special little
big kiss, for example?
I'm putting you on the spot?
>> HIRA: Yeah, you do
>> LILOU: What is your
heart telling you, my God?
>> HIRA: Well, be it.
Be love.
>> LILOU: Be love.
My delicious co-creators,
my God, you are so loved.
We send you much love
from beautiful Montpellier
in south of France.
All the energy
[POPPING SOUND] back to you.
Bye-bye.
Thank you for watching and
please, put some comments
in there and let's this
conversation happening
and continue to
develop and it'll
be interesting to read
this whole little forum
and conversation right
underneath this video.
We send you much, much love.
Big, big kisses.
Bye.